charts/lightdash/README.md, before:

# lightdash

A Helm chart to deploy lightdash on kubernetes

![Version: 1.6.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.6.2-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.1121.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.1121.0-informational?style=flat-square)

## Prerequisites

### Backend Database

#### Using the Bitnami PostgreSQL chart

You may wish to use the Bitnami PostgreSQL chart to spin up a development environment. This guidance is for convenience, you'll want to [read the docs](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/postgresql/#installing-the-chart) before deciding how to implement PostgresSQL.

```
helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
helm install lightdashdb bitnami/postgresql --set auth.username=lightdash,auth.password=changeme,auth.database=lightdash
```

Note, a persistent volume claim is created called `data-lightdashdb-postgresql-0` is created at invocation of the above. It is not deleted if `helm uninstall` is called.

Use `--set primary.persistence.enabled=false` to skip creating a persistent volume claim(for development purposes only).

## Installing Lightdash

```
helm repo add lightdash https://lightdash.github.io/helm-charts
helm install lightdash lightdash/lightdash \
  --set configMap.PGHOST=lightdashdb-postgresql.default.svc.cluster.local \
  --set secrets.PGPASSWORD=changeme \

```

## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | common | 1.x.x |
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | postgresql | 11.x.x |
| https://charts.sagikazarmark.dev | browserless-chrome | 0.0.4 |

## Values

Note The `secret.*` values are used to create [kubernetes secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/).
If you don't want helm to manage this, you may wish to separately create a secret named `<release-name>-lightdash`.

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| backendConfig.create | bool | `false` |  |
| browserless-chrome.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| browserless-chrome.env.CONNECTION_TIMEOUT | string | `"180000"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/browserless/chromium"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.image.tag | string | `"v2.24.3"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| browserless-chrome.resources.limits.cpu | string | `"500m"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.resources.limits.memory | string | `"512Mi"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.resources.requests.cpu | string | `"500m"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.resources.requests.memory | string | `"512Mi"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.service.port | int | `80` |  |
| configMap.DBT_PROJECT_DIR | string | `""` | Path to your local dbt project. Only set this value if you are mounting a DBT project |
| configMap.PORT | string | `"8080"` | Port for lightdash |
| configMap.SECURE_COOKIES | string | `"false"` | Secure Cookies |
| configMap.SITE_URL | string | `""` | Public URL of your instance including protocol e.g. https://lightdash.myorg.com |
| configMap.TRUST_PROXY | string | `"false"` | Trust the reverse proxy when setting secure cookies (via the "X-Forwarded-Proto" header) |
| externalDatabase.database | string | `"lightdash"` |  |
| externalDatabase.existingSecret | string | `""` |  |
| externalDatabase.host | string | `"localhost"` |  |
| externalDatabase.password | string | `""` |  |
| externalDatabase.port | int | `5432` |  |
| externalDatabase.secretKeys.passwordKey | string | `"postgresql-password"` |  |
| externalDatabase.user | string | `"lightdash"` |  |
| extraContainers | list | `[]` |  |
| extraEnv | list | `[]` |  |
| extraObjects | list | `[]` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| global.imageRegistry | string | `""` |  |
| global.storageClass | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"lightdash/lightdash"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| initContainers | list | `[]` |  |
| lightdashBackend.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `10` |  |
| lightdashBackend.livenessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `10` |  |
| lightdashBackend.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `5` |  |
| lightdashBackend.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `35` |  |
| lightdashBackend.readinessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `35` |  |
| lightdashBackend.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `30` |  |
| lightdashBackend.terminationGracePeriodSeconds | int | `90` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| postgresql.auth.database | string | `"lightdash"` |  |
| postgresql.auth.existingSecret | string | `""` |  |
| postgresql.auth.password | string | `""` |  |
| postgresql.auth.secretKeys.userPasswordKey | string | `"password"` |  |
| postgresql.auth.username | string | `"lightdash"` |  |
| postgresql.commonAnnotations."helm.sh/hook" | string | `"pre-install,pre-upgrade"` |  |
| postgresql.commonAnnotations."helm.sh/hook-weight" | string | `"-1"` |  |
| postgresql.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| queryWorker.concurrency | int | `3` |  |
| queryWorker.db.maxConnections | string | `nil` |  |
| queryWorker.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| queryWorker.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `10` |  |
| queryWorker.livenessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `10` |  |
| queryWorker.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `5` |  |
| queryWorker.port | int | `8080` |  |
| queryWorker.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `35` |  |
| queryWorker.readinessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `35` |  |
| queryWorker.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `30` |  |
| queryWorker.replicas | int | `1` |  |
| queryWorker.resources.requests.cpu | string | `"475m"` |  |
| queryWorker.resources.requests.ephemeral-storage | string | `"1Gi"` |  |
| queryWorker.resources.requests.memory | string | `"725Mi"` |  |
| queryWorker.tasks.exclude | string | `nil` |  |
| queryWorker.tasks.include | string | `"runAsyncWarehouseQuery"` |  |
| queryWorker.terminationGracePeriodSeconds | int | `90` |  |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Specify the number of lightdash instances. |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| scheduler.concurrency | int | `3` |  |
| scheduler.db.maxConnections | string | `nil` |  |
| scheduler.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| scheduler.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `10` |  |
| scheduler.livenessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `10` |  |
| scheduler.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `5` |  |
| scheduler.port | int | `8080` |  |
| scheduler.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `35` |  |
| scheduler.readinessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `35` |  |
| scheduler.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `30` |  |
| scheduler.replicas | int | `1` |  |
| scheduler.resources.requests.cpu | string | `"475m"` |  |
| scheduler.resources.requests.ephemeral-storage | string | `"1Gi"` |  |
| scheduler.resources.requests.memory | string | `"725Mi"` |  |
| scheduler.tasks.exclude | string | `"runAsyncWarehouseQuery"` |  |
| scheduler.tasks.include | string | `nil` |  |
| scheduler.terminationGracePeriodSeconds | int | `90` |  |
| schedulerExtraEnv | list | `[]` |  |
| secrets.LIGHTDASH_SECRET | string | `"changeme"` | This is the secret used to sign the session ID cookie and to encrypt sensitive information. Do not share this secret! |
| securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| service.port | int | `8080` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.7.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.7.0)

Commit message:

Add SSL configuration options
Add configuration options to enable SSL/TLS for the Lightdash database connection.

This allows users to specify the mount path for SSL certificates, the cloud provider region (where applicable) for the Lightdash database instance, and the certificate file name

charts/lightdash/README.md, after:

# lightdash

A Helm chart to deploy lightdash on kubernetes

![Version: 1.6.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.6.2-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.1121.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.1121.0-informational?style=flat-square)

## Prerequisites

### Backend Database

#### Using the Bitnami PostgreSQL chart

You may wish to use the Bitnami PostgreSQL chart to spin up a development environment. This guidance is for convenience, you'll want to [read the docs](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/postgresql/#installing-the-chart) before deciding how to implement PostgresSQL.

```
helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
helm install lightdashdb bitnami/postgresql --set auth.username=lightdash,auth.password=changeme,auth.database=lightdash
```

Note, a persistent volume claim is created called `data-lightdashdb-postgresql-0` is created at invocation of the above. It is not deleted if `helm uninstall` is called.

Use `--set primary.persistence.enabled=false` to skip creating a persistent volume claim(for development purposes only).

## Installing Lightdash

```
helm repo add lightdash https://lightdash.github.io/helm-charts
helm install lightdash lightdash/lightdash \
  --set configMap.PGHOST=lightdashdb-postgresql.default.svc.cluster.local \
  --set secrets.PGPASSWORD=changeme \

```

## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | common | 1.x.x |
| https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami | postgresql | 11.x.x |
| https://charts.sagikazarmark.dev | browserless-chrome | 0.0.4 |

## Values

Note The `secret.*` values are used to create [kubernetes secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/).
If you don't want helm to manage this, you may wish to separately create a secret named `<release-name>-lightdash`.

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| backendConfig.create | bool | `false` |  |
| browserless-chrome.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| browserless-chrome.env.CONNECTION_TIMEOUT | string | `"180000"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.image.repository | string | `"ghcr.io/browserless/chromium"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.image.tag | string | `"v2.24.3"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| browserless-chrome.resources.limits.cpu | string | `"500m"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.resources.limits.memory | string | `"512Mi"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.resources.requests.cpu | string | `"500m"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.resources.requests.memory | string | `"512Mi"` |  |
| browserless-chrome.service.port | int | `80` |  |
| configMap.DBT_PROJECT_DIR | string | `""` | Path to your local dbt project. Only set this value if you are mounting a DBT project |
| configMap.PORT | string | `"8080"` | Port for lightdash |
| configMap.SECURE_COOKIES | string | `"false"` | Secure Cookies |
| configMap.SITE_URL | string | `""` | Public URL of your instance including protocol e.g. https://lightdash.myorg.com |
| configMap.TRUST_PROXY | string | `"false"` | Trust the reverse proxy when setting secure cookies (via the "X-Forwarded-Proto" header) |
| externalDatabase.database | string | `"lightdash"` |  |
| externalDatabase.existingSecret | string | `""` |  |
| externalDatabase.host | string | `"localhost"` |  |
| externalDatabase.password | string | `""` |  |
| externalDatabase.port | int | `5432` |  |
| externalDatabase.secretKeys.passwordKey | string | `"postgresql-password"` |  |
| externalDatabase.user | string | `"lightdash"` |  |
| extraContainers | list | `[]` |  |
| extraEnv | list | `[]` |  |
| extraObjects | list | `[]` |  |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| global.imageRegistry | string | `""` |  |
| global.storageClass | string | `""` |  |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"lightdash/lightdash"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` |  |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| ingress.className | string | `""` |  |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"chart-example.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"ImplementationSpecific"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` |  |
| initContainers | list | `[]` |  |
| lightdashBackend.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `10` |  |
| lightdashBackend.livenessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `10` |  |
| lightdashBackend.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `5` |  |
| lightdashBackend.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `35` |  |
| lightdashBackend.readinessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `35` |  |
| lightdashBackend.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `30` |  |
| lightdashBackend.terminationGracePeriodSeconds | int | `90` |  |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| postgresql.auth.database | string | `"lightdash"` |  |
| postgresql.auth.existingSecret | string | `""` |  |
| postgresql.auth.password | string | `""` |  |
| postgresql.auth.secretKeys.userPasswordKey | string | `"password"` |  |
| postgresql.auth.username | string | `"lightdash"` |  |
| postgresql.commonAnnotations."helm.sh/hook" | string | `"pre-install,pre-upgrade"` |  |
| postgresql.commonAnnotations."helm.sh/hook-weight" | string | `"-1"` |  |
| postgresql.enabled | bool | `true` |  |
| queryWorker.concurrency | int | `3` |  |
| queryWorker.db.maxConnections | string | `nil` |  |
| queryWorker.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| queryWorker.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `10` |  |
| queryWorker.livenessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `10` |  |
| queryWorker.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `5` |  |
| queryWorker.port | int | `8080` |  |
| queryWorker.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `35` |  |
| queryWorker.readinessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `35` |  |
| queryWorker.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `30` |  |
| queryWorker.replicas | int | `1` |  |
| queryWorker.resources.requests.cpu | string | `"475m"` |  |
| queryWorker.resources.requests.ephemeral-storage | string | `"1Gi"` |  |
| queryWorker.resources.requests.memory | string | `"725Mi"` |  |
| queryWorker.tasks.exclude | string | `nil` |  |
| queryWorker.tasks.include | string | `"runAsyncWarehouseQuery"` |  |
| queryWorker.terminationGracePeriodSeconds | int | `90` |  |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Specify the number of lightdash instances. |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| scheduler.concurrency | int | `3` |  |
| scheduler.db.maxConnections | string | `nil` |  |
| scheduler.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| scheduler.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `10` |  |
| scheduler.livenessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `10` |  |
| scheduler.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `5` |  |
| scheduler.port | int | `8080` |  |
| scheduler.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `35` |  |
| scheduler.readinessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `35` |  |
| scheduler.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `30` |  |
| scheduler.replicas | int | `1` |  |
| scheduler.resources.requests.cpu | string | `"475m"` |  |
| scheduler.resources.requests.ephemeral-storage | string | `"1Gi"` |  |
| scheduler.resources.requests.memory | string | `"725Mi"` |  |
| scheduler.tasks.exclude | string | `"runAsyncWarehouseQuery"` |  |
| scheduler.tasks.include | string | `nil` |  |
| scheduler.terminationGracePeriodSeconds | int | `90` |  |
| schedulerExtraEnv | list | `[]` |  |
| secrets.LIGHTDASH_SECRET | string | `"changeme"` | This is the secret used to sign the session ID cookie and to encrypt sensitive information. Do not share this secret! |
| securityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| service.port | int | `8080` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` |  |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` |  |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` |  |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |
| ssl.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable SSL/TLS for the Lightdash Database connection |
| ssl.mountPath | string | "/etc/ssl/certs" | Path to mount the SSL certificate |
| ssl.certFileName | string | "" | Name of the certificate file |

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.7.0](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.7.0)
